what is happening gamers is rather here
today we're gonna be runnin through
cement no news so if you watch the sony
press conference thing that you can do
for 18 2013 you may have heard about the
announcement for kingdom hearts 3 for
the ps4 it's also think inferred from
the xbox one but what about a wii u
version well it's been confirmed that
it's not coming to the Wii U as for the
reason why it's not coming to the Wii U
well when Tatsuya Nomura who's the
director for Kingdom Hearts 3 was asked
about a wii u version he stated that the
game is being developed using direct x
11 and since the wii u doesn't support
directx 11 that's one of the reason why
it's not coming to the Wii U for some
reason Square Enix doesn't like bringing
kingdom hearts games to Nintendo's home
consoles don't think there's any Kingdom
Hearts games with our consoles they're
all on Nintendo's handhelds so I guess
you can expect to see more Kingdom
arcane's on like the 30s or something
like that or maybe they're secretly
working on an exclusive Kingdom or games
for the wii u possibilities in other
news though that Nintendo is released a
new firmware update for the three days
that you can download right now and ask
some new features one of these features
is being able to backup your save data
for your downloadable software so this
will call your save data to be backed up
onto your SD card I guess this will come
in handy at some points but nevertheless
it is there for you to you this update
also added a batch of new content but
the street past me Plaza the thing is
though that this content isn't available
for north america it is veil for europe
in japan now i would expect the content
you come to North America at some point
so there are four new street past games
that are available for YouTube use you
do have to produce them so they aren't
free so that it is kind of a bummer but
these games include street past squad
Street pens garden street past mansion
and street past battle so I guess these
new games can give you an incentive to
get more involved with StreetPass if
they ever come to North America or
whenever I probably won't be purchasing
any of them but BB they will interest
you plus you can unlock new hats for
your me to wear so that's cool in news
for the wii u eshop is at a new indie
titles announced for the platform being
developed by rain games the game is
called tesla grade it's a side-scrolling
puzzle platformer so basically you'll be
waters around 2d environments as you
solve puzzles using magnetism and
electro magnetic powers plus the story
will be told through visuals so there
will be no dialogue within the game
itself the story will just be told
through what you see or don't see plus
there will be no loading screen so
that's cool so maybe you'll be
interested in traveling through
steampunk version
an old European style world plus there
will be old school boss fights now his
game is set to be released in the fourth
quarter of 2013 now one of my recent
videos I mentioned that I was confirmed
that cloudberry Keenum was coming to the
nintendo 3 yes and now we're here in
from pony studios that that was just
like a rumor and it hasn't been
confirmed for the platform so this day
that they're definitely looking into
brain cloudberry Kingdom to the 3d
platformer but they haven't confirmed
anything just yet so for now it's not
confirmed so that won't bring us the end
of this video guys if you joined what
you saw please give it a thumbs up you
call so stay tuned for some more news
videos but I'll talk to later than XP
guys bye